Ladies and gentlemen, in this video,
we're going to be going through step by
step what you need to do to make some
big money off of a webinar. Most of you
guys have no [__] clue what you're
doing when you launch a webinar. And
when you try to actually make some
serious money on it, everything starts
to fall apart and go wrong. Or you're
one of the people that has attempted to
run them in the past. You only did it
once, got absolutely [__] nuked and
vaporized your money, and therefore you
haven't tried it again. I'm going to go
through because we do webinars all the
time for our clients and at a test
budget, we usually spend somewhere
between like 25 and $50ish,000 per
webinar and we obviously want to make
sure that goes right. So, we stack the
probabilities through our step-by-step
launch process that I'm going to go
through with you here today inside of
this video to make sure that our bets
play out in our favor when we run these
types of funnels. So, welcome in. If
you're new to the channel, all we talk
about around here is cracking
milliondoll months. It's all we give a
[__] about. After you crack a million a
month, we then give a [__] about
cracking the next million a month. So,
welcome in if you're new to the channel.
Of course, we have no idea who you are
and whether you stand any chance at all
of ever hitting a million dollars a
month. According to the US Bureau of
Labor Statistics, the probability to hit
10 million a year is.1%. Let alone the
even smaller probability to crack
million months at 12 million a year. So,
no income claims, no earning potential.
Get [__] if you think that and leave
the video now. And of course, if you're
already a subscriber, welcome back.
Absolute pleasure to have you. You're in
for another treat today. Without further
ado, let's dive in. So, when we first
get started on webinar promotion, we
want to do some math, and that's where
typically everything begins. We crack
open our webinar financial model that
you can see here that we got in good old
Google Sheets. We give this out to our
master internet marketing students. We
also give it out, of course, to all of
our inner circle members. And we use
this exact sheet as an example for our
clients when we go to determine how much
we're going to likely need to spend.
Okay. The very first thing that we want
to be conclusive about is exactly that.
What is an ideal test budget? What's a
number that we can all stomach that if
we do happen to vaporize it, no one's
going to be sad and crying in the
casino? Okay, we don't want to be in
that mental frame. We want to make sure
that we spend enough though to have the
numbers play out in our favor. There's a
specific video I did. It's one of my
early on videos where I look when you
look at the thumbnail, it says something
about like a datadriven decision was
applied here and then it looks like a
graph absolutely tearing up and to the
right. In that specific video, I
actually cover a tipping point example
within a webinar client's math where we
found that below a certain threshold of
spend, like just by a couple dollars
off, the webinar statistics would be
random and above a certain level of
spend, we would rid ourselves of the
randomness. And just to be extremely
articulate about what I mean, if you
spend too little, okay, the
probabilities are all over the place for
all these subsequent statistics like
your cost per lead, your show rate, your
close rates, your booking rates. If
you're going to do a direct to checkout
versus a call booking funnel, got to be
factored in, of course, AOV. There's
just all kinds of randomness below a
certain threshold of dollars spent. So,
to be clear, we want to make sure that
we spend a little bit above what the
bare [__] minimum looks like with a
set of extremely conservative, rather
worst case scenario statistics. So, in
this example of a financial model, let's
look at what might be considered
conservative from a statistic
perspective, and let's look at what
might need to be even more conservative
than where it's currently benchmarked.
So, number one, $30 cost per opt-in. I'd
say that's very conservative. I've seen
cost per opt-in to webinars
substantially cheaper than that.
Usually, for most people that are
selling a high ticket product to a
sophisticated, richer audience, you
could be in the teens, sometimes even
less than that. When you're in the
general public audience, it can be even
lower relative to obviously your opt-in
rate, all your advertising statistics,
that combination of stats makes up what
your cost per lead is going to come out
to, but still $30 is very conservative.
Now, a show rate to a webinar at 30%.
Now, if this is an ice cold audience, a
group of people who have no idea who the
[__] you are, a 30% show rate can
absolutely be what you can expect, but
it might not be the very first webinar.
So, this is very important to
understand. If you've already got a
webinar and it's dialed in, there's a
different set of statistics that you can
model out for because you've got some
consistency in webinar over webinar
stats to project into a model. When it's
your very first one, you want to
obviously bias towards a more
conservative set of statistics. I would
tell you that about 10 to 15% for an ice
cold audience should be your absolute
bottom of the barrel, lowest you're
going to likely get show rate to expect.
So, if you wanted to model here and
actually be extremely conservative,
you'd likely throw 10% or maybe 15% into
this specific part of our equation. From
there, in this example of the math,
we're doing a book a call rather than a
direct to checkout webinar. And so, in
that example, generally, it's somewhere
between about 10 and 30%, if again, if
you wanted to be extremely conservative,
you'd bias towards the 10% benchmark.
Once you get it dialed in, 30% should be
your baseline of what you should expect.
But your webinar skills might be
completely different and might be very
unpolished. Aka, you might suck ass at
webinar. If you're really good at
webinars and you're really good at stage
selling and you've consistently done
these things for a while, bias up a
little bit. But if this is your first
time or one of your first times doing a
webinar and you're trying to add it into
your mill funnel arsenal, you know, be a
little more conservative and estimate
that it might be around 10 to 15% for
your first webinar until you dial in the
webinar itself and get better at that.
Okay. Now, call show rates. When you
actually get people to book a call and
then you try to get them to show up, you
should definitely expect a higher show
rate from a webinar call booking. If the
webinar was executed successfully,
especially if you've supplemented the
back end of that webinar show rate
process with all of our back-end selling
systems that we teach and talk about
extensively on this very channel.
Anyway, 70% is about the norm. If you
wanted to be conservative, you could go
as low as about 50 to 60% close rate
from a webinar. I would fire the [__]
out of a closer if they got less than a
30% close rate from webinar leads.
Webinar leads are layup deals. However,
some of you suck at webinars and so you
therefore might have a lower close rate
from the leads that book onto your
closer calendar. If that's the case, you
obviously need to be more conservative.
I wouldn't go lower than 20%, 20% is
insanely low for a close rate on a
webinar lead, but hey, again, you might
suck at webinars and maybe you'd want to
model for even lower than that. You got
your cash collected per sale, aka your
AOV. Same thing. Make sure that you
factor in the quantity of people that
historically have done PIFFs versus the
quantity of people that have done split
pays. Make sure you factor out if you're
going to push people to do funding
options. What you are actually going to
cash collect on average. Okay, that's
what you want to plug into that model.
From here, we have our sales team cost.
We can factor in how much overhead we're
going to have in commissions that we
kick out. We're going to factor in our
fixed costs as well that might come from
delivering on the total quantity of
people that we close. Again, this model
is intended to be both gross profit and
true net profit. And we want to be able
to see that ahead of time before we
actually spend money on the webinar.
From there, we can kind of reverse
engineer and see how much we need to
spend and potentially push that number
up. Once we actually have a number in
mind, okay, and we've officially
financially modeled out how our webinar
is going to look before we actually
spend money on it, we can get a very
conclusive number about what we're
likely going to spend and worstcase
scenario statistic. Okay, that's the
key. Before you actually spend money,
you want to figure out how bad the stats
can be before you actually start losing
money. Okay, so again, worst case
scenario, stats are extremely important.
the quantity of people that have come to
me that haven't done a [__] lick of
math in regards to financially modeling
out worst case scenario statistics that
then just vaporize money willingly
because they didn't know how bad each
statistic could be before it crossed
into a threshold where it doesn't even
make sense to spend money. They didn't
know when a specific statistic was in
like a code red territory. put all
attention on it and make sure that we
actually get it to the point where it's
profitable because to be clear, they
didn't know how bad the statistic could
be before they become unprofitable. So
that's why we always start with math.
Once you've actually gotten to the point
where you've done that math, obviously
you're going to need to build some stuff
out. So from here, we need to create our
assets and that includes a handful of
things. So to be clear, we have the
actual funnel itself. The funnel has an
opt-in page. It has a confirmation page
after they've actually opted in it. In
addition to that, we'll typically have
the webinar itself, which doesn't need
to be hosted on any specific like
created by you page. Most of the time,
we're using Zoom for the actual webinars
itself nowadays. It's the most stable
and largest of all the platforms.
Typically has the best experience. And
more importantly than anything else, the
people who are going to show up to the
webinar use Zoom all the [__] time,
too. In almost all instances, besides
the bluecollar niches, but to be clear,
we don't really need to build anything
out for the actual webinar. What we will
need to build out once the webinar is
actually done is a replay page. From
there, very important to note during the
webinar itself, if you're doing a book a
call process, you typically have an
application page that will also have
your scheduleuler on it. And then same
thing, you have another confirmation
page there. In most instances, depending
on how you're selling things, you're
going to have a few more things. You're
typically going to have a checkout page,
which is going to be where you actually
cash collect on the dollars. And then
you're going to have a purchase
confirmation step. Okay. Now, with all
these things factored in, these are like
all the typical funnel steps that we're
going to need. There's obviously a
handful of confirmation pages. And so,
if you're new to the channel, I talk
about this rather frequently on these
pages. We call them back-end selling
systems. And there's four back-end
selling systems in particular. Three of
them don't cost money, one of them does.
The one that costs money, we refer to as
the hammer them strategy. It's a very
simple strategy, but just to highlight
it in a very summary way. There's whole
videos that I have on my channel
dedicated to this topic, just to be
clear. The hammer them strategy, we'll
take the people who opt into a webinar
or the people who book a call from our
webinar. In this case, we can do hammer
them strategies for both to be clear.
And we'll load up 30 to 50 short form
pieces of content, 15 to 30 long form
pieces of content. Think pieces of
content like this for long form as an
example. And we'll hammer the [__] out
of people who just opted into the
webinar or who just booked a call from
the webinar. That way we keep content in
front of them in their newsfeed. It's
extremely cost-effective to do this. It
typically impacts all those backend
stats successfully in a very positive
way. Show rates, close rates, pay in
full percentages, sales cycle, timelines
being condensed is very effective for
this when done properly. The other three
that don't cost money, one of them being
the most important where you typically
capture people at their peak interest is
our confirmation pages. If our
confirmation pages are dialed in,
they'll have a whole bunch of specific
back-end selling system tactics
involved. They'll have these things
called breakout videos. They'll have a
bunch of testimonials that show best
case scenarios, but more importantly,
worst case scenarios and how [__]
people can get and a handful of other
things. And in addition to that, we have
value dense email sequences. And of
course, we have our setter best
practices. Setters getting involved
inside of a webinar helps with the show
rate dramatically. But I'll cover that
here shortly. For now, I just want you
to understand we obviously need to build
a funnel. Okay? In addition to the
funnel, we need to go film some ads. So,
we typically prefer video ads
comparatively to image ads for most of
our webinars. However, we'll also build
some image ads, too, because I don't
want to be right. I just want to make
money. Okay, so moral of the story,
we'll typically film nowadays at least
25 to 30 total video ads and then in
addition to that, we usually have
another 25 to 30 image ads on standby.
Now, this is very important you
understand this. Again, if you're new to
the channel or maybe you already a
subscriber and you just haven't seen
this particular video, Meta, they
announced the Andromeda update and if
your account has been impacted around
the month of July, we noticed a
substantial quantity of people seem to
have been impacted by this. CPM shot up
through the roof. Um, all the
traditional best practices that you
would have historically executed on just
started to fail at a high rate. And when
you go and you look at the Andromeda
best practices, I I have a whole video
on my channel, by the way, dedicated to
this algorithm update. It's a specific
step within the algorithm creative
recommendation process. It's the first
step, believe it or not. It sorts
through all the different creatives that
are available and it tries to match it
with the people who are probable to
convert. That's the very first step in
the ALGO creative recommendation
process. It's called meta andromeda.
Again, whole video on my channel
dedicated to that. I won't go into it in
too much detail here. However, I will
say this. We launch and try to create
this amount of creatives no matter what
our spend is. That's the number one
question I get from people who are like,
>> "Oh, I'm only going to launch it like
$100 a day
>> or you're spending 50k a day. like you
have to follow the Andromeda best
practices. There's not like a a smaller
amount of creatives they let you launch
with to follow these best practices. You
just have to do it nowadays. Now,
typically when we actually go to launch
the campaign, we we won't actually
launch with all of these. We'll
typically launch with about 25 to 30 and
we'll mix in some videos and some
images. And then from there, we're
usually setting up with individual ads
and we're pairing it with the dynamic
copy that we can use like five
headlines, five pieces of body copy. So
from here once we actually get the video
ads and the image ads created obviously
we need the actual ad copy as well and
as I just mentioned typically for the ad
copy we'll have five headlines and we
will have five pieces of body copy
otherwise what's known as primary text
inside of the meta platform. So anyway
long story short from here we got a
handful of things that we also need to
create. We need an email sequence and
ideally this follows the backend selling
systems best practices. This should be a
valued dense email sequence. Okay?
Again, we have entire videos on my
channel just dedicated to value dense
email sequences. However, very simple to
understand and articulate and kind of
summarize for you here. We do not just
do the reminderbased stuff. We will do
that, but again, we don't just do that.
We're trying to break down topics that
people actually give a [__] to know
about that increases the probability
that they show up. And we try to get
them that information in a long form
written email that's going to get sent
out to that person prior to them
actually showing up to the webinar.
Okay? makes a substantial difference to
the overall show rate and it helps a
lot. Okay. Now, to be clear, once we get
the email sequence, we'll also typically
have some text. Now, one recent really
interesting thing that we learned is we
do not want to send the link to join the
Zoom in the text. We found that that
nuked our overall call booking rate when
we ran that test recently because a lot
of people are showing up on their
phones. There's a huge difference in the
intent of a lead who's watching a
webinar when they show up and watch it
on a device that's not a phone. Think of
watching it on your TV, your computer,
desktop, laptop, whatever it is, even a
tablet. Phones, oh my gosh, a show rate
was technically higher, but our booking
rate was [__] terrible. And we
concluded that was our only variable
that changed. We concluded that it was
because of adding the Zoom link to the
actual text message sequence. So again,
texts don't need to be anything more
than just reminders. In most instances,
you can have some valueoriented
communication that go out in a text
sequence, but doesn't need to be
anything crazy. Now, to be clear, once
you got your funnel, once you got your
videos and your images, your ad copy,
you got your email sequence, you got
your text sequence, if you don't have
this, need I not say, you obviously need
the webinar slides. Okay, once you get
all of this created, very important to
note, you're typically good to go and
can get into the promotion cycle. So,
when you look at the actual promotion
timeline of a webinar, there's really
two ways to look at it. You have the
launch period when you're very first
doing a webinar, and then you have
you've already got it dialed in, and
you've got [__] figured out. I'll give
you a great example of what that latter
part means. Got a client right now,
their webinar, they've been doing weekly
webinars for months now, and we got that
[__] dialed in. I'm not going to promote
that webinar at max. I'm going to do
about 5 days out. I'm not promoting it
longer than that, okay? only going to
promote it about 3 to 5 days out ideally
somewhere in that time frame. If I have
never launched a webinar for somebody
before, I'm going to give myself a
longer duration of time to promote it
because it's going to be a little more
relenting if I need to fix something and
it's not going to feel as high pressure.
Okay, let me be really clear when I say
this. I'm going to promote a dialedin
webinar in that 3 to 5 day max promotion
cycle before the webinar starts because
my show r's going to be higher from
getting people to opt in closer to when
the webinar starts. You see, versus when
I promote a webinar upwards of 14 days
out, those leads, you can quantify this
by the way if you've ever run a webinar
before, especially with AI. Just take
the creation date of each contact as it
relates to like let's say 14 days out,
13 days out, 12 days out, 11 days out,
etc., and map the individual show rate
for those contacts. And you'll see it
yourself. The people who opt in anywhere
48 hours out or longer, typically have
low show rates compared to the people
that opt in 2 days before, one day or
before, or the highest obviously being
the day of. So anyway, my point is if
it's my first webinar, I'm giving myself
roughly 10 to 14 days. Okay? That way
when something inevitably with a high
probability goes wrong, I got time to
fix it. If I need to refilm new ads, you
got to keep in mind like they've got to
get edited. Okay? And in terms of
editing ads, just to pepper this in, by
the way, we typically just do standard
like talking head ads, jump cuts,
captions, you know, it's nothing crazy.
For image ads, it's pretty much like the
headline of the actual page for the
opt-in of the webinar or the topic of
the webinar. We're going to promote that
in the image ads as well. So anyway,
moral of the story, just to be extremely
clear, if I've got 10 to 14 days out and
something gets [__] up, it is what it
is. I'm going to have time to be able to
fix it. If I do not have a dialed in
webinar process and I go to promote that
thing and I've only got 3 to 5 days and
something gets [__] up, I am cooked.
Okay, I'm cooked. I don't have time to
do [__] I don't have time to to fix
anything. Okay, so be very mindful of
that. If it's new, it's 10 to 14 days in
most instances. Okay, if it is dialed
in, it is typically a 3 to 5 day
promotion cycle. Okay, now when I'm
promoting it, all I'm doing is I'm just
going back to my math. I'm looking at
how much spend I have. I'm also going to
factor in, am I peppering in organic
leads into this or am I just doing paid?
Okay. When it's one of your first
webinars, pushing anybody and everybody
that you can to it is a good idea
because you're going to have a higher
probability of being profitable, which
is what you want to be able to justify
the continuation of this new effort and
initiative. If I raw dog it and I just
do cold paid advertising audiences,
that's good. if you've got more money
that you can vaporize and still be
seated in the casino to continue your
gambling efforts to get profitable. You
understand? Very important that you get
this part of this whole thing. Okay. So,
when I go to launch the creatives, okay,
if I have a paid audience and I'm going
to pepper in organic, I'm going to
duplicate the paid funnel and that means
I'm now going to have two variations of
optins. Okay? I'm going to have the paid
version, I'm going to have the organic
version. That way I can individually
track each specific audience, their
behavior, their show rates, their close
rates, the revenue attributed to them,
etc. Okay, each set of these audiences
is going to have completely different
stats, and you're going to want to be
able to delineate between the two so you
know if you're actually profitable or
not and how [__] your paid advertising
stats were. So once you get to the point
where obviously you're in the middle of
promoting everything, what matters most
when you get into the promotion cycle is
your cost per lead and your show rate.
Okay, your job initially is to just get
as many people as you can that are
ideally qualified to go and opt into
this thing for as cheap as a cost per
lead as you can possibly get. That way,
your dollars are being spent
efficiently. Okay? And in addition to
that, you want to make sure that no tech
is breaking. There are a lot of
different tech components to a webinar
promotion cycle. I'll give you a good
one that we just ran into for a client
literally this last week. our Zapier
account hit the limit for the total
amount of Zaps that could fire off
relative to the plan that we had
subscribed to. We caught it 4 hours
before the webinar. So, we noticed there
was a couple hundred person discrepancy
of opt-ins in the CRM and that the
salespeople were dialing on to help get
the show up rates to be improved. And we
were like, "What the [__] is going on?"
We went into Zapier. It was as simple as
needing to upgrade the billing. You got
to be attentive to [__] like that.
Sometimes zaps break, as an example, or
whatever software you're using that's
similar to Zapier if you're poor and
have an alternative. The moral of the
story is, and I can't stress this
enough, okay? Check the tech. We've had
little [__] like a button on mobile not
working on the opt-in page that nukes
your cost per lead and your overall
opt-in rate. Simply put, if a stat looks
miserably [__] up, might be a tech
issue, right? if your stats look
relatively [__] up and can be improved
in regards to like considering your
comparison to like some other baseline
benchmark, you know, like as an example,
if an opt-in rate for a webinar is 1%.
It's like that's tech issue territory.
If an opt-in to a webinar is like 10 to
15%, that opt-in rate just sucks and it
can be improved from a CRO perspective.
You know, you understand the
differences, right? If I see a couple
hundred person discrepancy in like
tracking or quantity of people in the
CRM versus what the back end of the
funnel says for my stats, tech issue,
you understand? It's like check the tech
during the promotion cycle. That happens
an unbelievably frequent amount from
what I've seen. So anyway, I digress.
During the promotion cycle, there's a
few things that also are kind of
happening at the same time. You got your
emails going out, you got your text
reminders going out, and you should have
your setters dialing on the leads. Okay,
this combination of the emails, the
texts, and the setters dialing on the
leads, that can improve your show rate
to a very high level in and of itself.
Okay, you should be in a minimum range
of like the 20s to maybe even low 30s
with just those three variables. You
want to juice it even further or at
least just solidify the probability that
you're in that range. Factor in the
backend selling systems on top of that
dialed in confirmation page. The email
sequence has value dense emails. The
setters aren't just reaching out and
saying, "Hey, just want to make sure you
show up." They're being valueoriented
and following the setter best practices
that we teach. Fire off the hammer them
strategy and get everybody who opts in
absolutely [__] blitzed with content
prior to that webinar, getting them
excited. Okay, this combination ensures
you have the highest show rate possible.
From there, you just got to execute a
phenomenal webinar. Now, one thing that
we do for all of our inner circle
members and also for our master internet
marketing students and of course our
clients, we have this 72page SOP called
mastering webinars SOP. Now, this
specific document contains several
examples, literal recordings from top
converting webinars from our clients and
also from some of our inner circle
members that have contributed theirs
with their statistics. In addition to
that, it goes through the outline of
what should be covered in the webinar.
It goes through risk reversal sections
of the webinar to improve your overall
conversion rate. It goes through
examples of direct to checkout and call
bookings. It has everything that you
need to actually execute all steps of
what I'm sitting here communicating to
you. But more importantly, the actual
webinar itself. Obviously, that's the
most important part once you get
everybody to show up is the webinar.
Okay, just to be clear, we always do
these live nowadays. Literally, while
I'm sitting here shooting this for you
right now, live webinars, they [__]
super hard, super OP. We find that
automated webinars have been nerfed.
They suck. They're doing absolutely
terrible in direct comparison. And we're
talking taking webinars that have
converted extremely well trying to
automate them, not working in
comparison. I could sit here and throw a
whole slew of assumptions at you and
opinions about why that's the case, but
I just need you to understand in a very
matter-of-act way, you're going to want
to do it live. You're not going to want
to automate these. So, moral of the
story, the actual webinar being
produced, right? That is the most
important part, having dialedin slides,
having the right flow, having the right
presenter. And if you're somebody who's
sitting here in our ideal demographic of
people that we can help get richer, I
want you to check the links down in the
description. If you're rich trying to
get a lot richer, check out the inner
circle program. Twice a month,
one-on-one calls, weekly group calls,
massive SOP library. We currently have
33 SOPs in there available for all our
members. In addition to that, we have
our quarterly in-person masterminds
right here at our facility in good old
Miami, Florida. I don't know if you can
see all this behind me. We've got a
220in screen on the wall, 150 chairs,
very comfortable. They're church chairs.
We have four branded arcade machines,
ping pong table, pool table. We got a
get richer fridge. That's right, a
fridge that says get richer on top of it
and not like a [__] residential
fridge, commercial fridge. Beautiful
facility, big flex fest with all the
people who are a part of the group here
that drive their nice cars up. And then
we go over to the penthouse and we have
our 2500 foot balcony where we do all
our networking for day two of that
event. And there's a whole bunch more.
You get access to Jeremy AI, but I won't
sit here and rant your head off about
that. Go check out the link down in the
description if that's you. And of
course, check out our master internet
marketing program. We on an annual basis
go back and refresh literally the entire
cohort. We redo all seven weeks of the
classes. We add the latest information.
Things like what I'm talking about right
here, but in much more depth. Same
thing. SOPs, 3 to 5 hour classes for 7
weeks worth of content, extensive
homework libraries, and you can preview
week one of that class down in the link
in the description below. I'd encourage
you check that out if you're interested
in either one. Back to the point, you
got to execute these webinars extremely
well. Okay. What you need to do, and
we've talked about this on this channel
before, but I I want to make sure you
understand this. Bottleneck analysis is
breaking down step by step from the
advertising all the way over to the
sales process. What happened at each
specific key statistic and which one
might be contracted? As an example,
let's say you get a really good cost per
lead. You get a really good show rate,
but then you get an absolutely dog [__]
conversion rate for either the direct to
checkout or for the call booking. Well,
that shows in that particular set of
statistics that your webinar sucked ass,
okay? And you need to redo the webinar.
Let's say you have a really high cost
per lead. You have a great show rate, a
great conversion rate for the webinar, a
great show rate to those calls you book,
a great close rate, and a great AOV.
That means your opt-in page sucks. That
might be indicative of the actual page
itself. It could also be indicative of
the ads. You would check some of the
advertising statistics in that example,
too. Things like your link click-through
rate, your CPMs, your retention in the
video ads themselves, things like that.
My point is, it's not random when a
webinar doesn't work. Okay? It's a very
specific bottleneck. there's some
specific statistic within your KPIs that
is contracted that if you put attention
on it and open it up will obviously get
a lot more money out the other side.
Okay? It's not random. It's not
emotional. It's just a specific
contraction point that you must be
attentive to, laser focus on, and
attack. Okay? So don't act like webinars
when they don't work are some like
random act of God that made it so it
didn't make you money. You [__] it up
somewhere in the process or maybe at
multiple points in the process, weren't
aware of it and never went back and
attacked that specific contraction.
Okay, very important that you execute
this successfully once the webinar is
done and you get to the point where you
did it right, whether you did direct to
checkout or whether you did your call
booking. If you did a call booking one,
obviously you still have a few more
steps. You have the amount of people
that are going to show up for those
calls, the amount of people that are
going to close, and what those closers
on average are cash collecting per deal.
Okay, those three stats have to be
dialed in if you're doing a call
booking. Okay, you got to make sure
again, just to reiterate, you have
back-end selling systems as soon as
somebody books from the webinar. Should
be its own hammer them sequence, should
be its own value dense email sequence,
should be its own confirmation page. You
understand? You can have the setters,
same as you did on the front end, reach
out to the people who booked the call,
congratulate them, answer questions
prior to the call and make it so the
call has a higher probability to be a
sales call rather than an education
call, right? Those deals should be layup
deals. They should have as high of a
close rate as upwards of like 40 to 50%.
Okay, 30% is like the lowest that you
want to tolerate in that set of
statistics. And obviously, a large
percentage of these people, assuming
they're financially qualified, should be
piffing. Okay, if you do the webinar
right, they should be piffing, paying
foss all day long. Should be raining
deals. Moral of the story, after you get
to the point where the webinar is
actually done, the calls have happened,
the deals are closed, as soon as the
webinar is over, meaning as soon as the
webinar is done, ideally you baited
people. We talk about this inside of the
mastering webinars SOP, was some kind of
bonus for staying until the time of the
pitch. Okay, the time of the pitch
statistic is extremely important. From
the peak show rate to the time of the
pitch itself, you want to have about a
80% retention. Okay, that means 80% of
the people that were there live at the
peak show rate should still be there
live during the time of the pitch. And
when those people are still there, you
want to bait them by saying, "Hey, I've
got some bonuses that I'm going to send
out right after this webinar concludes
for the people that stay there with us
live." Okay, super pro tip. I'm pulling
that out of the mastering webinars SOP
for free for you here on YouTube. Okay,
make sure you execute that tip. It helps
a lot with retention and people really
look forward to those documents. Okay.
So, moral of the story is once you get
the webinar done, take the recording,
throw it onto that replay page that we
created in our asset creation phase of
the webinar before we even started the
promotional cycle and get that replay
with an application embedded onto the
page or a button right below that replay
and get that [__] fired off with the
bonuses. Okay? Also, send it to
everybody who opted in whether they
showed up or not and make as much as you
possibly can off the webinar. You want
to milk the [__] out of this thing. We
have another strategy called the popup
event, but I'll withhold that, of
course, as long as as well as many other
tips that I'm sitting here withholding
from you for the people who actively pay
us. So again, check out those links down
in the description if you want the full
sauce. I hope that you've enjoyed this
video. Subscribe to the channel if you
haven't done so already. Go check out
some of my other videos. As I mentioned
throughout this video, there are several
that go indepth in each individual
component of what we just talked about,
and I would encourage you go check those
out. Thank you for being here. Go get
richer.